Previously on "Dance Academy."
Ever even kissed a guy?
You haven't, have you?
TARA (OFFSCREEN): I've been
trying to find every possible
reason not to feel this way.
-My brother will break
your heart.
ETHAN (OFFSCREEN): I need
a dancer for my
choreography assistant.
Any chance you'd
be interested.
-Yes.
I mean, um, not uninterested.
-Not until you tell us.
-Tell you what?
-Who you've got a crush on.
[chattering]
-It's Abigail.
-You can't be serious.
-Oh, she just drives me crazy.
TARA (OFFSCREEN): How can
you not eat that now?
-It's called self-control.
Try it.
THEME SONG: Take a breath.
Close your eyes.
Take a leap of faith and
lead the way to life.
This is my chance.
This is my chance, my chance
to feel alive.
TARA NARRATING: A blister.
Excess repeated pressure in a
concentrated area causes local
heat to build up.
The heat forces a separation
in the top layer
of skin, the epidermis.
It's the kind of
pressure that's
everywhere at the academy.
MS. RAINE (OFFSCREEN): First
year contemporary exam, we're
ready for you now.
TARA NARRATING: Olympic swimmers
train their whole
lives for one race.
And when it finally comes, they
can slip off the blocks,
or miss their tumble turn.
No matter how hard they've
worked, it can all fall apart
in a moment.
It's the same with dancing.
When you're on stage, there
are no second chances--
just your body and your will.
Whether you pass or fail
is entirely up to you.
-These people are sadists.
Who organizes academic exams the
same week as dance exams?
-Multitasking meltdown.
-Right.
I need your help with anatomy.
-What?
My help?
No, no.
I don't have time to
help, Katty-Kat.
I've got to get A pluses
in all subjects.
I'm taking advanced
physiology.
Do you know how difficult
that is?
-More to the point, since when
do you carebout anatomy?
-Well, Natasha rang,
promising a
her-daughter holiday, my choice.
All I have to do is scrape in
some non embarrassing exam
marks.
-That's fantastic.
-I'm thinking Central
Australia.
She'll hate it.
Oy.
-Ugh.
Hey, we on for rehearsal
later?
-Um, I don't think
I can today.
But maybe tomorrow.
-Whenever.
I'll wait.
KAT (OFFSCREEN):
What was that?
-Um, we're rehearsing for
his choreography exam.
-No, no, no.
My brother was just
in flirt mode.
-It's Ethan.
He's always in flirt mode.
-Just not with you.
-Uh, my point precisely.
So come on, what gives,
little one?
-Really?
Why?
-I don't know.
Something came over me.
I just felt like it.
-So wait, no, hang on.
After discussing this obsession
in nauseating
detail--
-I wish we were being
examined on it.
-He pashes you, and you just
forget to mention it.
-It wasn't a pash.
It was an almost pash.
-Hold on, I thought you
were into Dana.
-Yeah.
But I lost interest.
-And plus, it only happened
after Dana rejected him.
So I'm not going to read
anything into it.
-Since when?
-Since you guys always tell me
that I blow things way out of
proportion.
-Yeah, but you never listen.
-Yeah, it's part
of your charm.
-You know you're talking about
Tara Webster, right.
-This is exam week.
So I'm not going to do anything
but focus on my exams.
-So, you're going to go
back there again?
-What do you think?
-So for some unknown reason--
maybe I killed someone
in a past life.
SAMUEL (OFFSCREEN): Abigail,
is that you?
-You're my partner in the
pas de deux exam.
[toilet flushing]
-They're obviously trying to
challenge me, which is fine.
But also completely unfair,
as it affects
my scholarship chances.
-Exam stomach.
Does that happen when
you get nervous?
-No.
We clearly have a lot
of work to do?
-One on one?
Awesome, awesome.
I have physiology on
Wednesdays, OK.
But after that I'm all yours.
-I've booked the studio for
every night this week.
-Right.
So I'll just study instead
of sleep then.
-Tonight, 8:30.
-It's a date.
-It really isn't.
Turn.
You're twisting my arms
too far back.
It's the other leg.
-OK.
Ready?
-One, two, three.
[both grunting]
-Right.
-Again.
One, two, three.
[grunting]
-You all right?
-Three.
-Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Again.
Three.
[grunting]
-Morning Ms. Raine.
-Abigail.
It's exam week.
Shouldn't you be conserving
energy?
-I don't think enough of
us worry about cardio.
I wonder if that's something
the scholarship committee
takes into account.
-I wonder.
-Do you know if my name's
on the short list?
It's just, I've worked harder
than anyone since day one.
-You have.
There are other factors.
-Such as?
-Abigail, you're
a smart dancer.
You know there are certain
limitations to your technique.
I had them, too.
Others have more natural
potential.
We have to work to the best of
our ability, which you've been
doing.
-You're saying it still
might not be enough?
-Abigail, sometimes ballet
can be as unfair as it is
unforgiving.
But in my experience,
hard work can
overcome most obstacles.
[music playing]
-You warm?
Because if you need more time,
I don't mind waiting.
-I'm fine, thanks.
-OK, well how about you run
it the whole way through?
I think I might have distracted
you last time, sorry.
-Oh, that's so fine.
Um, you know, it, it happens.
-What happens?
-People get caught
up in a moment.
No big deal.
So I'm starting?
Fist position?
-Yeah, first position.
Yeah.
[music playing]
ETHAN (OFFSCREEN): Hey, Kat.
-Oh, come on people.
My blisters have blisters.
What more do you want from me?
-Nothing.
-Oh, good.
Well, you can stay, then.
-So how's everything going?
How's Tara.
-I don't know.
You just had rehearsals
with her.
-Yeah, right.
She didn't say anything
about it?
-No.
-I don't know.
I just--
-No.
My friend is not a challenge
for your pathetic male ego.
You'll break her heart.
-Ethan.
I'm heading out.
-Sorry, man.
I've got things to do here.
-Don't you dare.
Hey, Christian.
Can I have a go?
This idea was genius.
So good to be out of
that freak show.
I feel like saying, they're
just exams, people.
We're not curing world hunger.
No, seriously.
It's like you and I are the
only two people not acting
like the world is going
to explode.
Everyone just needs to relax.
-Yeah, they do.
-So when am I going to ollie?
-Well, you've got to learn how
to roll by yourself, first.
-Back foot on the tail.
Bend my knees.
See, I'm rolling.
-All right, and if you
need to turn, then--
-Uh, Christian?
-Back foot on the ground!
-Christian!
-No, no, back foot!
-Christian
[clatter]
ETHAN (OFFSCREEN):
There you are?
Lose something?
-Um, yeah, just, just,
just my bracelet.
-Oh, I'll help you look.
-You really don't have to.
Look, I'm not even sure I
put it on this morning.
So you really don't have to.
-You're looking for jewelry
you're not sure
you even put on.
[scoffing]
-OK.
I have this superstition thing
about four leaf clovers.
I try to pick one before
every exam.
-How'd you do that?
I've never even seen one.
-It's like my one talent.
I don't know.
Apparently the leprechauns smile
at me, or something.
-Socks.
-Pardon?
-I don't change them
during exam week.
Superstition.
-Really?
That's--
-Gross?
-Gross.
-Yeah, I know.
Um, you've, uh, got a bit
of dirt on your nose.
Here.
-Oh, um--
-You OK?
-Uh, I just remembered I have
some stuff, you know, to do.
So, um, I'll see you later.
ABIGAIL (OFFSCREEN): I've
been looking for you.
I hope you've been working
on the lift.
-Feel this bicep.
I'm a lift machine, baby.
But, uh, are you sure
you don't want to
take the night off?
You're looking kind of tense.
-You're telling me
I look tense?
-Tense and beautiful.
Plus, realistically, there's
only so much work you can do--
-If they gave me a real partner,
I wouldn't have to
work so hard.
-You know, misplaced anger
is often a byproduct
of low blood sugar.
When was the last time
you ate something?
-My blood sugar is fine.
My only problem is you.
TARA NARRATING: You know,
sheep don't kiss.
I want to know humans decided
that's what you
when you like someone.
When you think about it, it's
a weird sucking motion with
unnatural tongue etiquette.
KAT (OFFSCREEN): Oh,
I am going to be on
struggle street tomorrow.
-Kat, I need to talk
to you, in private.
-Yeah, because I really want
to be around for that.
-There was another
almost incident.
-I'll kill him.
-No, don't.
I wanted him to kiss
me, I think.
-OK, well, you know how
I feel about it.
But I'm not going to
stand in your way.
-Good.
That's good.
Because, um, what if I said
I needed your help?
-Never.
Is that even possible?
-People expect you to be
a bad kisser at 12.
But by almost 16--
-No, you don't know you're going
to be bad if you haven't
done it before, just
less experienced.
-Oh, I'll suck.
I'll get all up in my head,
like in technique class.
And then I'll probably bite
him, or something.
-Wow.
OK, teeth away for starters.
We'll treat it like technique
class, then.
Break down the movement.
Meet your new pas
de deux partner
-His name is Sir Joshua.
And I'm really not comfortable
[inaudible] him.
-Shh.
He's mad for it.
Trust me.
[knocking]
-You came.
-You know, I want
to do well, too.
I just don't think there's
any point killing
ourselves in the process.
-That's where you
and I differ.
Let's go from the start,
no marking.
[music playing]
-We got it!
Awesome!
-We should do it again, straight
away, make sure it
sticks.
-Yeah, yeah.
What's wrong?
-Nothing.
I'm fine.
-No, you're not fine.
-Just a bit dizzy, OK?
It passes.
SAMUEL (OFFSCREEN):
What do you mean?
Does this happen often?
Abigail, this could
be serious.
-Stop procrastinating.
Let's just do it again.
-Seriously, when was the last
time you ate something?
-I eat, OK?
-Not this week.
I haven't even seen
you drink water.
-I'm not interested
in being bloated.
-[scoffing]
Your body needs fuel, Abigail.
OK, that's not even advanced
physiology.
You better see Dr. Wiggs.
-No, what I need is to get
through tomorrow's exams.
And then after that I'll
rest all holidays.
-No, this isn't right.
-They won't let me dance.
And there's no way I'll
win the scholarship.
You have promise me you
won't tell anyone.
-OK, on one condition.
Mom sent me this for luck.
You look like you
could use it.
-I thought you said I
looked beautiful.
[labored breathing]
-And one, two, three, four.
A little bit of tongue,
and six.
-This isn't working.
-What?
What's wrong?
-This isn't looking working.
I don't know where to put
my nose, or how to
breathe at the same time.
And I've got fur in my mouth.
-OK, OK, I get it.
Sir Joshua's not giving you
a lot back, am I right?
[knocking]
-Oh, hey, guys.
Uh, is Abigail around?
-I swear I'm coming down
with something.
Do I feel clammy to you?
-So, how'd it go before,
with Tara?
-Yeah, good.
Well, it didn't actually go.
But it will.
-No way.
-I am surprised you could
be so selfish, Samuel.
-It would be like kissing
my sister.
-You're an expert.
We've seen you in action.
-I have been told I'm
quite talented.
I know.
-Yes, and one of your best
friends is floundering here.
-She's right.
I'm desperate.
-OK.
Yeah, I'll do it.
This is wrong.
-Oh, agreed, very wrong.
-OK, shuffle closer.
Lean in.
-OK.
OK.
[giggling]
-I can't do this.
-All right, should we have
a rule, like no tongues?
-No.
Because then it's not
a proper practice.
You can do it.
Just on three, yeah?
One, two--
[music playing]
-You ready?
Last exam.
-So, you and Lieberman, huh?
-Nothing happened.
As you may recall, I am
the oldest kissing
virgin in the world.
That still hasn't changed.
-Training bra, why do you make
things so complicated.
-Are you kidding?
It's a minefield.
-When you're kissing the right
person, it's always simple.
What?
-I'll see you in there.
-Look, there's nothing
to talk about.
-I just kissed you.
-Yeah, I noticed.
Sammy was a practice.
I didn't want you to know that
I'd never done it before.
And I wanted it to be right.
And I wasn't sure whether
I was ready.
-Now you're sure?
-Yep.
So how am I doing?
[romantic music playing]
-It's weird.
I mean, I, I'm happy for them.
I am.
But--
-Still weird.
Yeah.
[music playing]
-So, no pash rash.
-I think I have a boyfriend.
MS. RAINE (OFFSCREEN):
Next pair.
SAMUEL (OFFSCREEN): How
are you feeling?
-Never better.
-Abigail, this isn't right.
We need to tell someone.
-No.
You promised, remember?
[music playing]
MS. RAINE (OFFSCREEN):
Stop the music.
Abigail, this isn't like you.
Go back and start
again, please.
And this time, for your sake,
put some life into it.
[buzzing]
-Bees.
-What?
-I remember what happens
when I get nervous.
I hear bees.
[buzzing]
[MUSIC PLAYING AND INTERMITTENT
BUZZING]
-Abigail!
-Someone get the doctor.
-Abigail.
Abigail?
Does anyone know what's
wrong with her?
Abigail?
[theme music]